Misologue (Working Title)

--------------------------------------------------------
Diversifiers:

Gandhi’s Game
This game must have zero violence in its game play. Conflicts must have resolutions based on logic ?- Design, Theme

Infinite
Your world is procedurally generated ?- Code, Content
--------------------------------------------------------


“Rumors tell of an ancient cult,
Lost to the scriptures of time,
Who worship a God,
Unknown
Yet known to all.

In dreams they come,
To defy the Truth.
They awaken in dreams,
to dethrone the light.

Come, Oh devout One.
Stem the tide,
Waves outstretched before the realm of Reason,
Drowning all who will not plunge
Deep in Our name.”

-The Scrolls of Tr'a


  Game Story:  A secretive cult has taken residence in the ruins of an ancient temple, and have begun to awaken their dark god, Tr'a. The followers of Skygods have sensed the growing presence of darkness, and has envoked a Spirit of Light to send into the temple and perform the counter-ritual necessary to seal away Tr'a before he is risen. Within the temple, darkness holds sway and will slowly corrupt the Spirit of Light if it remains in the dark too long. Likewise, the will of Tr'a is at work to sabotage your rituals, so that he may remain. As the Spirit of Light, you must hold faith in your ability to remember and survive as you delve into the layers of the temple.

Game Mechanics: 
At the beginning of each level, you will see the order of items that must be collected and placed in the ritual chamber. However, the maze of each floor is dark and the longer you stay in the dark, the higher your corruption meter gets. If it maxes out, you succumb to evil and it is game over.
	To remove corruption, you must stand within the light of a brazier, scattered throughout each floor. While in the light, look to the shadows, for they will point you in the direction of the ritual objects.
	You must collect the pieces in the order they must be placed. Once all are collected, you can enter the ritual chamber of the floor and place them. They are placed in the order you picked them up, so hopefully you remember that and the original order given outside the floor. No matter how you place them, you will progress. However, you won't know if you succeeded or not until the end.

